import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title='Design Language/Brand Narrative' />

# Brand Narrative

At Decent, we've always been one step ahead, driven to build
software that few in the world were capable of building.
Mastering technologies that most hadn't heard of yet. And
exploring the potential of cryptocurrency before many even knew
the term. For years, our passion and hard work have helped
launch the world's leading decentralized applications. And now
that our longtime hobby has dominated the mainstream, we're in a
unique position to set the standard for How Things Should Be
Done (HTSBD) in the world of Web3. Our model for building,
funding, and governing decentralized organizations—out in the
open—will help level the playing field between individuals and
institutions, delivering full power, rights, and privacy back to
the community. And away from corporations.

As an open-source software collective, we're continuing the
legacy of FOSS legends before us to defy restrictive corporate
structures and brazen government overreach and elevate the
domain of finance to groundbreaking new places corporations
cannot go.

We've mastered the craft of designing and executing
decentralized systems. Our superpower is an ability to remain at
the forefront of the field, turning arcane emerging technology
into tangible real-world results. And understanding that it's
about more than improving software—it's about improving the
processes it takes to get there. The quality and success of our
software are synonymous with the quality and success of Decent.

**We are the answer to the archaic corporation. Focusing all our
effort to advance the building, funding, and governing of
decentralized systems. Producing financially incentivized
open-source software to cultivate growth and prosperity in a
flexible way. Together with freelancers and open-source
contributors, we can rally behind a core mission to solve the
DeFi problems we care about most. By delivering leading-edge
tools that benefit Web3 founders, we turn would-be competitors
into energized supporters and expand our “Decent” sphere of
influence. This approach will cement our role in the Web3
revolution and accelerate the decentralization of the global
economy.**
